COPYING Strictdom
================================================================================

Strictdom is by Ben Golightly (ben@tawesoft.co.uk) at Tawesoft Ltd
(https://www.tawesoft.co.uk/) and also incorporates intellectual property from
the following sources:

The HTML Living Standard is Copyright © 2018 WHATWG (Apple, Google, Mozilla,
Microsoft) and available under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International License: see https://whatwg.org/ and
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Accessible Rich Internet Applications (WAI-ARIA) is Copyright © 2013-2019 W3C®
(MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang) and available under the W3C Document License: see
https://w3c.github.io/aria/ and https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2015/doc-
license or W3C-Document-License.html where provided

Based on current published specifications accessed Thu 23 May 13:50:08 UTC
2019

Redistribution of Strictdom is permitted only in simultaneous accordance with
the above licenses, namely attribution to all authors under the Creative
Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, and attribution to all authors
under the W3C Document License and also the additional terms specified by the
W3C Document License.

The easiest way to comply with this license is to include this notice in any
copies of the software. However, the W3C Document License excludes using this
software to create a new technical specification (as distinct from
"implementing" the specifications that exist).

Strictdom is available from https://github.com/tawesoft/strictdom and
https://www.tawesoft.co.uk/products/open-source-software. Strictdom also
optionally relies on https://github.com/tawesoft/html5spec to download and
extract a machine-readable spec.

Strictdom is a wrapper around Dominate, available from
https://github.com/Knio/dominate and licensed under the
GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0: see
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Knio/dominate/master/LICENSE.txt
